Good morning, family. Praise the Lord
for
another day. This is day 47, I believe.
Braden and I are out here
at
the park to do a video because I wanted
to show you that
this isn't a green screen; these
are
real live leaves
here in the park. It's so beautiful.
I just love nature and what the Lord
has done in this fall season. I just
wanted to say thank you all for all the
likes, all the subscribers, and
all the support you've shown this
channel over the last year. It has
been amazing to see what the Lord has
done. My son was telling me about all
the people and where you all come
from—all
the different comments saying
you've
been watching from all over the world.
We just
want to say thank you for supporting
us. I was just thinking
about the things the Lord is talking
to me about
regarding
the end times and how close
we are to the Lord Jesus coming back.
Looking
beyond
the next
four years, it is going to be a very
interesting time frame. I try not to
be
negative, but
speaking to
my audience right now,
I'm telling you there
are
some trying
and
very serious days ahead for
the body of Christ. There will be great
persecution. I talked
to Pastor Steve Cioccolanti on the phone
today, and we were going over the time
frames
and
what the Lord has shown both of us. We
talked
about crypto,
President Trump, and the
things that we see coming. It was a
very interesting conversation.
His revelation involves the
horses of
the apocalypse.
He believes we went
through COVID for three and a half years, and now
we have a war cycle for three and a
half
years. After that,
we go through pestilence and
plague for another three and a half years.
He
said on the phone today
that
the end of
2026, or the summer of 2026, is
when he believes we will see a
great drought and a great
plague. That would be the midterm of
President Trump's
presidency. I warned you all that I
saw President Trump standing on
a
platform, addressing the American
people and warning them of a major, deadly plague.
It was a very serious time frame.
Steve
believes
the horses of the
apocalypse are riding right now.
He believes that the white horse
was the corona and
the red horse is riding
right now with war. He believes a
great acceleration of war will be
taking place from 2025 through 2026, especially
with what
we saw with Hamas.
I
weigh out what he's saying in
my spirit. Some people don't believe
the horses are riding yet; they believe that
happens
during the seven years of
tribulation. But he believes they
ride before the tribulation begins.
I like to talk to people and
listen to what they
feel the Holy Spirit is
telling them, instead of always
saying, 'This is the way it
is.'I
gleaned
a lot from the
conversation today.
It stretches me to
listen. We
are
in a
serious time frame.
I believe the Lord gave us
a four-year window
for
revival—a
major outpouring of the Spirit
to bring in the harvest. God is
giving
us an extended amount of grace.
When the end of that shmita cycle, the
end of the Shemitah cycle, occurs
and
President Trump's presidency is over
in 2028, that would end that
cycle of the shmita.
I believe the catching away
could happen in that time frame.
I
believe we'll have an outpouring of
finances, and we're going to see that in
the body of Christ. I've seen
a
great economic crisis coming
during
President Trump's presidency, and I
believe we're going to see some
different things.
Things are escalating at a rapid pace.
Pastor
Steve believes we're going to
enter into a major season of war in 2025
with Russia,
but we're praying against
that. I'm praying for peace,
a major harvest of souls,
and
an extended
four-year
window for revival and
an
outpouring of finances.
We're
going to see an acceleration of the
birthing pains that are on us.
It's not going to be just
economic, political, or about
a plague; it's
going to be signs in
the
heavens and the earth, like weather with
volcanoes and earthquakes.
We're going to see another side of
things that has to do
with
the environment.
I saw a great acceleration of
environmental
events:
tsunamis,
major hurricanes, and
long-track
tornadoes.
But
as a believer, you have authority
to pray protection and a hedge around
your family. No weapon
formed against you will prosper. A
thousand shall fall at your side, and ten
thousand
at your right hand, but it will
not come nigh you. That's why I was telling
you to pray for RFK
Jr.—that
God is giving us
a window of opportunity for
grace and a season of great
harvest.
Our prayers
in October gave us
this
window.
What will
we do with this next four years with
President Trump coming in and
a season of great blessing? Even
though
I saw an acceleration
of war and great darkness,
we serve the Lord and
have blessing on us. I believe this
will be a season of favor like you've
never seen before. The Lord said, 'Brandon,
I'm giving favor to My people, a
supernatural abundance of
favor.'We
are ambassadors of the Lord Jesus
Christ.
Supernatural favor is coming to you and your
family. For those
who
have joined
this channel
and
become
part of our family here, I believe that
covering and blessing come over
you as you
help
us out. We
are
a
body moving
and
operating together
in the favor of God. Supernatural
abundance is coming to your household.
The
Lord
told
me
last
night to
start focusing on the dead being
raised. This is part of the Great
Commission.
He
told us to raise the dead, cast out
devils, and lay hands on the sick.
We're going
to see more of this in these
last days.
It's going to take people
getting
bold in
their
faith.
Let's pray.
Father,
I thank
You for every single
person
represented here today. I
thank You that they are healed
and whole by the stripes of
Jesus.
We pray for RFK Jr. right now,
that he will be
victorious in every area of his
life concerning the health and
food administration. We thank You
that he will be appointed for
such a time as this to turn around the
FDA and expose the
darkness about COVID. I thank You
for the
FBI and Homeland Security
directors and all the
people being put in position.
I thank You
for
supernatural leadership for
America.
During
this four-year window, we
will see a major harvest of souls.
I thank You, Lord, that You're stirring
President Trump
right now and bringing
supernatural protection over him.
I thank You
for
a supernatural
covering over the homes of every person here for finances
and
creative ideas to get wealth.
We
believe
in
the
blessings
of
the
Deuteronomy 28
covenant.
We will not struggle
financially;
we have supernatural favor in the name
of Jesus.
When you go into your
workplace, there
will be
a
supernatural wisdom on you.
They won't even know what it is, but they'll
see
something
different—a
problem-solving
anointing.
We
are
the salt, and
we are anointed and appointed.
Even over South
Korea, we pray that we will not see a
tyrant
government trying to lock everybody down. We pray that those
who need to be removed
are
removed. We see an acceleration of
the glory of God even in
South Korea,
over Asia, China,
Japan, the
Philippines,
Africa, and South America. We
pray for
restoration in
marriages
and peace
in every
home. In
the
name of Jesus,
Amen. Well, everybody, thank you for
joining me.
You can see the
squirrels over there;
they're kind of
distracting me.
There
are
squirrels everywhere!
Look at this one
right next to you.
They're fat and hungry
because
they're eating all these acorns.
Braden,
do
you
want to
say hi?
This is Braden.
Thank you for
subscribers, and
I read your comments
from all over, like South Korea.
It's a really pretty
park; I like the leaves.
It's going to get cold
here in
Tulsa soon.
I love Tulsa.
I was on the
phone with Pastor Steve Cioccolanti for a long
time today talking about
Revelation.
He believes
we'll go through the war cycle for
the
next year or so, and then
the plague comes. That
goes with what I've
seen—a
massive plague coming during President
Trump's term.
If that happens and
it's part of the green horses, we
can't stop that. That means
there
are
a lot of people fixing to
perish.
That
is
terrible, but not for you.
You're covered in the blood. I saw
the 'honey glow'on the
body of Christ.
I saw people in makeshift military tents with
the glory of the Lord resting
on
them,
laying hands on people
and
seeing
them
get
up
because the power of God was resting on
them.
We have
that same authority.
If that
green horse is riding in
2026,
it's
interesting
because
it
puts
a time frame on my visions.
I'm
just
turning that around in my noggin.
Anyway,
let's
look at these squirrels.
They're
bold!
Look at that big plump one right
there.
My grandpa would say that's
stew. We'd sit out
for hours
so grandma could fry those up, but they
tasted
so rough and nasty. I'd
ask
why we were eating
rodents,
but that's what we did as
kids.
It was gross.
I'm
just
thinking
about childhood
stuff—squirrels
and
rabbits.
Look at
those
geese.
Big old
Canadians!
Look at
that
massive
oak
tree; it
must be
several hundred years old.
I hope you enjoy these prayer
videos. I try to
do
something different so you
don't get bored.
My job in this
end-time
ministry is to bring in as
many souls as I can and tell you that
Jesus is a healer.
Nothing
else
matters other than the Great
Commission.
If
Jesus is
giving
us a four-year
window of reprieve in America,
let's
do all we can so that
not one should perish.
Jesus is coming soon. I
believe at the end of the next shmita cycle, we'll
see... that's just my
opinion
based
on
what
Billy Brim and Rick Renner
and others
teach. You
pick the
Bible scholars
you stand
by.
Thank
you for joining me today. Look at
those
massive dogs!
Like, subscribe, and we'll see
you tomorrow. Put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you.
God bless you and have a wonderful
day. Bye-bye.